What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Planetary Devastation
The power of the Nine-Tails...
SEAL
It's responding to Naruto's rage.
Do you hate me?
Do you still think people can truly understand one another?
Your actions are justified.
But know this...
My pain is far greater than yours!
Let's go!
Is that all you've got?
Not bad.
This chakra...
I've felt it before.
What's going on?
Lady Hinata went out to save Naruto.
Don't tell me she's...
A Sealing Jutsu?
He broke the Seal...
Here he comes!
He's fast!
Almighty Push!
Impossible...
He withstood my Almighty Push!
Naruto.
Universal Pull!
What was that?!
Oh my god... What is that?
How is Naruto doing?
How can I put it?
Naruto is showing six tails right now.
At this rate, he may end up transforming into the Nine-Tails.
Six tails?!
Six... It's much worse than last time!
Lady Katsuyu. Please tell everyone to evacuate immediately.
Now what?
The Leaf Village is destroyed beyond recognition.
You must all evacuate as far away as you can!
This is due to Naruto's Nine-Tails power!
I know because my clone is attached to Naruto.
He transformed into the Nine-Tails?
But Yamato and Kakashi should have placed a Sealing Jutsu on him!
How did this happen?
It was Hinata.
She tried to save Naruto and was taken down right in front of him.
And then Naruto...
So that triggered his transformation?
Yes...probably.
Where is Yamato?
What is he doing at a time like this?
Did you find Kabuto?
Yes.
Good. Don't let him spot you.
Wh-What?!
What is it?
SIX It can't be... He undid the Sealing Jutsu on his own!
Six Tails?! That's insane!
There's an emergency.
Sorry, but I must return to the village!
H-Hey!
The power of the Nine-Tails...
How magnificent.
Both Naruto and Pain are moving away from the village.
What?
It seems Pain is fleeing from the Nine-Tails Naruto.
Serves him right!
This is no time for laughs.
We have to make sure Hinata is okay,
and then do something about Naruto.
The way he is now, he'll attack anyone in sight.
I have to get a hold of Captain Yamato.
I've brought Tendo close enough.
Planetary Devastation...
You don't have to go that far.
Your body can't take any more.
Silence, Konan. I must focus.
Planetary Devastation!
Why did you push yourself to make it that huge?
My opponent is the Nine-Tails.
I cannot ease up.
The Sage of the Six Paths is said to have created the moon.
This is nothing compared to that.
Regardless...
I have now captured the Nine-Tails.
Why?
Why did it come to this?
How would you confront this hatred, in order to create peace?
I want to hear your answer.
How should I know?
It hurts... I hate this.
I don't know...
What am I supposed to do?
I don't know anything anymore!
Someone, help me...
Give me the answer.
Destroy everything.
Erase everything that hurts.
Give me your soul.
I will save you from your suffering.
Yes... You're doing fine.
EIGHT Eight?! This is bad.
This is really, really bad!
I never imagined it would be this powerful.
Come over here.
Come...
Rip this Seal off me.
Dammit... It's too late.
NINE NINE How could this happen?
FOURTH HOKAGE
You're...
Fourth...Hokage...
Naruto...
When the fireworks suddenly explode in the air...
fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki
I couldn't keep my eyes off from your face...
muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo
sotto nusumimita no I gazed at you quietly...
It'd be so much easier if I was able to hate you...
kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni
Because I always remember you, in situations like this...
kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto
I can't help but think about the times we spent together.
mata omoidashiteshimau yo
I'm ready to forget you...
mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu
It just tears at my heart too much.
konna ni mo kanashikute
I wonder... why did we meet each other?
doushite deatteshimattan darou When I close my eyes...
me wo tojireba It's like you are here.
ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de
Why did you seal the Nine-Tails inside of me?!
I had to go through so much because of it!
I trained really hard, met a lot of people,
and it made me really happy!
But then the Akatsuki came after me, and my friends!
Dammit, I don't know what I'm saying anymore!
It must have been hard for you... I'm sorry, Naruto.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Fourth Hokage"
How old are you now, Naruto?
Tune in again!